deploy apiserver-network-proxy (#1179)
karmada-io/karmada: docs/working-with-anp.md

> # Deploy apiserver-network-proxy(anp)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy apiserver-network-proxy(ANP)
```

## Purpose

> For the member cluster that joins karmada in pull mode, we need to provide a method to connect the network between the karmada control plane and the member clusters, so that karmada-aggregated-apiserver can access the pull mode member clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a member cluster that joins karmada in pull mode, we need to provide a method to connect the network between the karmada control plane and the member cluster, so that karmada-aggregated-apiserver can access this member cluster.
```

Deploying anp to achieve appeal is one of the methods. This article describes how to deploy anp in karmada.

##  Environment

Karmada deployed using the kind tool.

We can directly `hack/local-up-karmada.sh` to deploy karmada.

> ## Action step

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Actions
```

<details>
<summary>unfold me to see the shell</summary>

```shell
#!/bin/bash

cert_yaml=proxy-agent.yaml

karmada_controlplan_addr=$(docker inspect --format='{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' karmada-host-control-plane)
member3_cluster_addr=$(docker inspect --format='{{range .NetworkSettings.Networks}}{{.IPAddress}}{{end}}' member3-control-plane)
sed -i'' -e "s/{{proxy_server_addr}}/${karmada_controlplan_addr}/g" proxy-agent.yaml 
sed -i'' -e "s/{{identifiers}}/${member3_cluster_addr}/g" proxy-agent.yaml 

PROXY_AGENT_CA_CRT=$(cat certs/agent/issued/ca.crt | base64 | tr "\n" " "|sed s/[[:space:]]//g)
sed -i'' -e "s/{{proxy_agent_ca_crt}}/${PROXY_AGENT_CA_CRT}/g" ${cert_yaml}

PROXY_AGENT_CRT=$(cat certs/agent/issued/proxy-agent.crt | base64 | tr "\n" " "|sed s/[[:space:]]//g)
sed -i'' -e "s/{{proxy_agent_crt}}/${PROXY_AGENT_CRT}/g" ${cert_yaml}

PROXY_AGENT_KEY=$(cat certs/agent/private/proxy-agent.key | base64 | tr "\n" " "|sed s/[[:space:]]//g)
sed -i'' -e "s/{{proxy_agent_key}}/${PROXY_AGENT_KEY}/g" ${cert_yaml}
```

</details>

Run the following command to run the script:

```
chmod +x replace-proxy-agent.sh
bash replace-proxy-agent.sh
```

> Deploying the proxy-agent in the pull mode member cluster(In our artictl, the member3 cluster is in pull mode.):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deploying the proxy-agent in the  pull mode member cluster (in this example, cluster member3 is in pull mode):
```
